# GAMS-GEmodel-Solving-demos
In the "ex-ante" study of economic policy, researchers can use the Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) model to simulate and predict the effects of policies that will be implemented in the future, and find the optimal solution of the policy objective function according to the principle of social welfare maximization. In recent years, a growing body of literature adopting CGE to study environmental economic policies. The more and more environment-related CGE models, whose main idea is to endogenize pollution into the production function or utility function, and take the Social Cost of Carbon（SCC） as the carbon price，they are widely used in the analysis of emission reduction policies. Among them, Fischer and Fox 2012; Bohringer et al. 2015; Carbone and Rivers 2017, used the CGE model to eveluate effect of carbon pricing policies and estimate potential emissions leakage.
The CGE model is essentially a linear (nonlinear) programming system， to ultimately solve it is to find the global optimal solution. CGE models generally have very complex model structures that we have to rely on advanced computational tools. GAMS is an ideal choice, which not only allows us to program and run CGE models, but also its built-in solver can calculate the global optimal solution for us. 


For my future research needs, I learned GAMS programming and tried to build a simple CGE model. I post it here to demonstrate that I can adopt this approach in future research, and also for others in the this research direction to draw on and modify.
